a) As an intern in Spoonshot what do you want to achieve in 8 weeks ?

   As an AI enthusiast I always wanted to solve unexplored real world problems as it makes my work much more challenging and interesting. Having that motive 
   I always try to get into companies which try to revolutionalise huge industrial markets using Artificial Intelligence. so I believe that spoonshot is the
   dream company that I always wanted to join and looking forward to solve exciting problems in the food sector on behalf of spoonshot.

b) What is your motivation in the field of Data Science / Machine Learning?

   Iam very much fascinated by these latest cutting edge technologies in datascience. Because In this big data era data science is the tool that has the 
   ability to transform any industrial sector by simply using the naturally generated data. so I definitely want to be part of this revolution and want to 
   see myself as a data scientist providing innovative solutions to the unexplored real world problems.

c) If you are given a full time offer as a Data Scientist in Spoonshot what is your dream problem which you would like to solve ?

   Before two to three years neural networks were only used to perform well on some particular tasks such as in computervision, NLP, e.t.c. as neural 
   networks expects data in certain pattern such as sequential data in lannguage. But the rise of graph neural networks made it possible to apply neural 
   networks to wide variety of tasks as the data all around us can be naturally represented in a graphical format. for example in the food sector we can 
   represent a recipe as a graph with ingredients as nodes. and inturn the chemical structure of ingredients can be represented as a graph with nodes as 
   atoms involved in the chemical structure. so by applying graph neural networks on these huge graph data we will be able to get new insights in the food 
   sector. some of the mind-boggling applications of graph neural networks are drug discovery by modelling drug molecules as a graphs, smart transportation 
   system by considering the traffic network as a spatial-temporal graph, e.t.c. so Iam building my expertise in these graph neural networks and would like 
   to use the same for conrtibuting to spoonshot in a great way.

   





